docs: add v2023.1.1 release notes (#3005)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/releases/v2023.1.1.rst

Gluon 2023.1.1
==============

Important notes
---------------

> Upgrades to v2023.1.1 and later releases are only supported from releases v2021.1 and later.

Reviewer: Proposal to make the wording a bit nicer and more succinct:
```suggestion
Upgrades to this version are only supported from releases v2021.1 and later.
```

> This is due to migrations that have been removed to simplify maintenance.

Reviewer: I think we should just drop this sentence.

Bugfixes
--------

- x86: fix config loss during direct upgrades from v2021.1.x to v2023.1.x  (`#2972 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/2972>`_)

> - tunneldigger: remove watchdog script that always failed and caused endless restarts (`#2987 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/2987>`_)

Reviewer: One more Tunneldigger fix: Tunneldigger was not using the WAN DNS server to resolve hostnames (regression in 2023.1)

> - tunneldigger: remove watchdog script that always failed and caused endless restarts (`#2987 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/2987>`_)

Reviewer: Should mention that this was a regression in 2023.1

Author: The reason i ommited this is that i tried to get the essence into one rendered line

- gluon-wan-dnsmasq: fix restart handling and disable DNS caching on the WAN side (`#2991 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/2991>`_)

> - fix upgrades of the D-Link DIR-860L B1 (`#2990 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/2990>`_)

Reviewer: This will need some explanation regarding upgrades from/to which versions would fail (and what "fail" means in this context)

> - fix build issues with groff 1.23.0+ on the build host (`#3001 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/3001>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix build issues with groff 1.23.0+ on the build host (`#3001 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/pull/3001>`_)
```
We usually capitalize all items in such lists (except for the package name prefixes)

Known issues
------------

* The integration of the BATMAN_V routing algorithm is incomplete.

  - Mesh neighbors don't appear on the status page. (`#1726 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1726>`_)
    Many tools have the BATMAN_IV metric hardcoded, these need to be updated to account for the new throughput
    metric.
  - Throughput values are not correctly acquired for different interface types.
    (`#1728 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/1728>`_)
    This affects virtual interface types like bridges and VXLAN.

* Default TX power on many Ubiquiti devices is too high, correct offsets are unknown
  (`#94 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/94>`_)

  Reducing the TX power in the Advanced Settings is recommended.

* In configurations without VXLAN, the MAC address of the WAN interface is modified even when Mesh-on-WAN is disabled
  (`#496 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/496>`_)

  This may lead to issues in environments where a fixed MAC address is expected (like VMware when promiscuous mode is disallowed).

> * EFI only systems won't boot due to removed EFI support (introduced in v2023.1). This was neccesary to work arround a bug that

Reviewer 2: neccesary --> necessary
arround --> around

  causes a config loss during direct upgrades from v2021.1.x to v2023.1.x with the *x86-64*, *x86-generic* and *x86-legacy* targets
  (`#2967 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/2967>`_).

>   It is planed that the next major release will reintroduce EFI support.

Reviewer 2: planed --> planned

> * WLAN on the D-Link DAP-X1860 A1 is not working (`#3003 <https://github.com/freifunk-gluon/gluon/issues/3003>`_)

Reviewer 2: "not working" seems a bit too hard, no?

Author: Any suggestion? It's not unstable or something like that. It's completely broken. There is no SSID visible etc.

Reviewer 2: see below comment in  a second

Author: I've removed the sentence in the expectation that #3011 will be merged and the problem is resolved for the time being.
